it was no message API in this video we
are going to be doing which is wrong we
are going to do all right
I read that it was wrong let's check
here and in this video me and Sam okay
we go you guys to send us some witty
brothers free Twitter and if you want to
make sure you don't miss out on another
video like this make sure you are
following both pistols went up yes check
over me Birds my just and so the first
would you are the question again Sean xx
Abigail Collins and she says would you
are the sneeze confetti small I reckon I
reckon it would hurt if you sneeze
confetti
because actually big compliment
competitor than if you sneeze and I
think when you have to without it be
like covered from your brain massacres
like confetti
Oh have a great dislike I have been Oh
God with any birth to this quite cool
life I quite enjoyed actually yeah okay
response on it's only Holly and she says
would you rather be sexually attracted
to fruits or hot cheetos cheetos yeah
your fingers oh I recently did enough
energy so I have so many penis and it's
so horrible
yeah and all on your wife I've been
doing it it's like everything time it's
like a little snooze we're sweating
yeah you're going to the show while
you're going to buy some breakfast oh
this is this is apparently being
sexually attractive l12 says would you
rather see your past
I would say my future because I've seen
my past although I feel like I dunno I
think I'm from I think I like the kind
of idea of not knowing what's going to
happen I think I've isn't parties like
this when somebody enters you see what's
going to happen
you might try to avoid that and then it
happens so you don't know what you're
gonna do boy yeah yeah - like I'd say I
ruin your future past a few look Dunlop
says which one is recurrently
or ignorance it what is wrong with
people might actually talk about it look
we've been broken that let this be
better it's just is just you just been
wrecked I reckon I beat my sis because I
think your face away is know stuff you
me out is a little stuff your body isn't
one
yes I'm then partly
holidays they're natives just food yeah
I reckon money supply stick each person
how much that's how much stick you go we
actually I think as soon as you put in
your mouth I hope that's not one of the
options I yeah so I was thinking but
then I would be able to clean up stuff
also piece of my computer
oh yes my experiment so most things only
use their eyes I think I have to go
through here as well yeah bye everyone
we miss my photo editor what could you
buy the fair market I think that's one
of the other things we've taken these
videos he just makes up under school
it's a novelty thing said would you
rather know the date of the death of
your death oh that's really hard I think
I like to know the course because here
you could like and they're like I feel
like you avoid I recommend avoid and if
you knew it was annoying
yeah yeah yeah let's much waited Street
right turn about
and I think we can do this what's wrong
well I'm gonna just give it up that's a
lot of Mike's likes well father's yo
knows you watch this you think it has
everything all out with it just like it
is that system if you hate us
we do a video on my channel which you
can see right now by clicking in
description below for my face and also
[Music]
anything that screams me